Variable	Altname	Domain	Compenent	Description	Explanation	Max Rating
ACOMP_ENCRG	ENCRG_SELF_EVAL	Assessment and Response to Student Understanding	Encourage student self eval	Encouraging Student Self-Evaluation	The extent to which students are asked to assess their own understanding of the content that was studied or to reflect on their own learning of the content.	3
ACOMP_MUL	MUL_MATH_METHOD	Cognitive Engagement	Use & compare multiple mathematical approaches	Using Multiple Mathematical Methods	The extent to which students are asked to use more than one method or approach to complete a single mathematical task or activity (or a set of similar tasks or activities) and to understand the relationships between different methods.	3
ACOMP_OPP	OPP_PRACTICE	Cognitive Engagement	Develop fluency with mathematical skills/procedures	Opportunities To Practice A Skill Or Procedure	The extent to which the lesson provides students with opportunities to develop fluency with specific mathematical skills or procedures through practice or repetition.	3
ACOMP_TECH	TECH_UNDERSTAND	Cognitive Engagement	Use of technology to explore mathematical concepts or relationships	Technology For Understanding	"The extent to which students are given opportunities to use dynamic computerized learning tools as part of their mathematics lessons to make and test conjectures, look for patterns, and develop understanding of mathematical concepts and relationships."	3
ACOMP_ASKING	ASKING_EXPLAN	Discourse	Questioning & explaining	Asking for Explanations	"The extent to which students are asked to explain or justify their thinking about mathematical procedures and concepts. Students may be asked to explain their mathematical processes or ideas, to describe mathematical relationships, or to develop arguments that justify why processes work, why expressions are equivalent, why mathematical relationships are true, or why quantitative reasoning is justified or valid."	3
ACOMP_CONN	CONN_MATH_REP	Quality of Subject Matter	Mathematical connections	Connecting Mathematical Representations	The extent to which students are asked to make connections between multiple representations of the same mathematical idea.	3
ACOMP_EXPPATRN	EXP_PATRN_GEN	Quality of Subject Matter	Patterns & generalizations	Explicit Patterns and Generalisations	"The extent to which students are asked to use patterns, or repeated reasoning to understand quantitative relationships, make conjectures, make predictions, or derive general methods or rules. Generalizations involve deriving rules from a sequence of examples, not starting with a rule and applying it a specific case or deriving a rule algebraically."	3
ACOMP_REAL	REAL_WORLD_CON	Quality of Subject Matter	Real-world connections	Real-World Connections	"The extent to which the mathematics being learned is connected to or applied to real-world contexts outside of mathematics (including but not limited to students' experiences), and the features of the context are incorporated into the activity (i.e., the connection is relevant to solving the problem)."	3
ACOMP_EXPLEARN	EXP_LEARN_GOAL	Quality of Subject Matter	Plans & learning goals	Explicit Learning Goals	The extent to which the teacher has explicit mathematical learning goals for students.	3
ACOMP_ADD	ADD_DIVERSE_NEED	Quality of Subject Matter	Addressing diverse student needs	Addressing Diverse Student Needs	"The extent to which the artefacts reveal planned variation in lesson content based on students' learning needs (e.g., their knowledge of prerequisite skills, language fluency, or special needs). This might include opportunities for students to choose different activities that are appropriate for their learning needs."	3
ACOMP_ACCURACY	ACCURACY_MATERIAL	Quality of Subject Matter	Accuracy of materials	Accuracy of Materials	The accuracy of mathematics in the lesson materials	2
